
USER MANAGEMENT MODULE:
(DONE)
- Only admins are able to create new users, see list of all users and delete users
-Every time if we change user status (Active / InActive) it need to create new password not the last one.
-Auto logout after defined inactivity {time. protected int $timeout = 300; InactivityLogout.php}
-auto change password after 7 days {$threshold = now()->subSeconds(300); DeactivateInactiveUsers.php}
-Account lock(inactive) after multiple invalid login attempts. admin can activate again {$maxAttempts = 3; // or hardcode 5 LoginController.php}
-Admin can force logout any user.
- Add a Rule to Always ask for new password required whenever User Profile status changes.                   
Need to Add option - Profile Photo, Signature, Report to (manager)   
Need to Organize Fields in the proper view.
Password Strength Also Add restriction for New Password while changing Status
- All users can access their account on single PC at a time; if logged in on another PC, previous session should logout automatically.
- deleted users will be soft delete not fully delete
1) Every Password entry Fields must have an option to view or not to view currently typed password. add Please add the Strength meter for new passwords. Sample Screenshot Below..


2) Make fields organized In Adding new user view and editing existing User View. sequence Provide Below.

Personal Details
First Name (Real). Last Name (Real)
Date of Birth
phone

Login Details
User ID, Password, Status

Official Details
Display Name
Employee ID
First Name (Pseudo),  Last Name (Pseudo)
Official Email address
Role
Designation

3) In Profile view we just need to provide users only to view their details and only give them rights to change their profile picture and password. 
and make the Profile view organise.

Need to change the error if the user id is logged out by a different scenario.

Need to change the error if the user id is logged out by a different scenario.
Change the "Change Password" into "Password" due to the password change option not available on the login screen, so remove Forgot password option too.
Need to Remove "sign in with" Feature. it's not required.

while uploading an image for Signature or profile pic it's not giving the preview before saving it.

(PENDING)



- user signature - limit to:
                        only for collectors and manager  